README.md, before:

# The Power of Sass Color Functions

Sass color functions are very powerful and can help you remove the mysticism of how colors work in CSS.

Click [here](http://cuyaproductions.github.io/sass-color-functions/presentation/#/) to view my presentation slides.

## Tools to play with all color functions
- [Setter functions](http://codepen.io/cuyaproductions/pen/ONBvdr)
- [Getter functions](http://codepen.io/cuyaproductions/pen/RaeMOJ)
- [Modifier functions](http://codepen.io/cuyaproductions/pen/jqezRN)

## Other tools
- [HSL Color Picker](http://hslpicker.com/)
- [Working with color](http://www.workwithcolor.com/)
- [A visual guide to Sass & Compass Color Functions](http://jackiebalzer.com/color) by Jackie Balzer [@jackiebackwards](https://twitter.com/jackiebackwards)
- [SassMe (Sass color function visualizer)](http://sassme.arc90.com/)


## Resources
- [CSS3 color browser support](http://caniuse.com/#feat=css3-colors)
- [Contrasted()](http://codepen.io/una/pen/oXgRYz?editors=0100) by Una Kravets [@una](https://twitter.com/Una)
- [Practical Color Theory for People Who Code](http://tallys.github.io/color-theory/) by Natalya Shelbourne [@natalyathree](https://twitter.com/natalyathree)
- [My interpretation of Natalya's tutorial](http://codepen.io/cuyaproductions/full/zqLjYR)
- [SCSS/SASS Accessibility Color Methods](https://gist.github.com/haschek/1059983) by [Michael Haschke](https://github.com/haschek)
- [How to programmatically go from one color to another in Sass](http://thesassway.com/advanced/how-to-programtically-go-from-one-color-to-another-in-sass) by Hugo Giraudel [@hugogiraudel](https://twitter.com/hugogiraudel)
- [Sass Functions Documentation](http://sass-lang.com/documentation/Sass/Script/Functions.html)

Commit message:

Add Justin McDowell article to resources

README.md, after:

# The Power of Sass Color Functions

Sass color functions are very powerful and can help you remove the mysticism of how colors work in CSS.

Click [here](http://cuyaproductions.github.io/sass-color-functions/presentation/#/) to view my presentation slides.

## Tools to play with all color functions
- [Setter functions](http://codepen.io/cuyaproductions/pen/ONBvdr)
- [Getter functions](http://codepen.io/cuyaproductions/pen/RaeMOJ)
- [Modifier functions](http://codepen.io/cuyaproductions/pen/jqezRN)

## Other tools
- [HSL Color Picker](http://hslpicker.com/)
- [Working with color](http://www.workwithcolor.com/)
- [A visual guide to Sass & Compass Color Functions](http://jackiebalzer.com/color) by Jackie Balzer [@jackiebackwards](https://twitter.com/jackiebackwards)
- [SassMe (Sass color function visualizer)](http://sassme.arc90.com/)


## Resources
- [CSS3 color browser support](http://caniuse.com/#feat=css3-colors)
- [Contrasted()](http://codepen.io/una/pen/oXgRYz?editors=0100) by Una Kravets [@una](https://twitter.com/Una)
- [Practical Color Theory for People Who Code](http://tallys.github.io/color-theory/) by Natalya Shelbourne [@natalyathree](https://twitter.com/natalyathree)
- [My interpretation of Natalya's tutorial](http://codepen.io/cuyaproductions/full/zqLjYR)
- [SCSS/SASS Accessibility Color Methods](https://gist.github.com/haschek/1059983) by [Michael Haschke](https://github.com/haschek)
- [How to programmatically go from one color to another in Sass](http://thesassway.com/advanced/how-to-programtically-go-from-one-color-to-another-in-sass) by Hugo Giraudel [@hugogiraudel](https://twitter.com/hugogiraudel)
- (Mixing Color for the Web with Sass)[http://alistapart.com/article/mixing-color-for-the-web-with-sass] by [Justin McDowell](http://revoltpuppy.com/)
- [Sass Functions Documentation](http://sass-lang.com/documentation/Sass/Script/Functions.html)
